Only controllers can install chunked code (#251)
dfinity/interface-spec: spec/index.md

This method installs code that had previously been uploaded in chunks.

> Only controllers of the target canister can install code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only controllers of the target canister can call this method.
```
